[Autogenerated] you now know what enterprise integration patterns are.
But what exactly is spring integration,
and how does it relate to enterprise integration patterns?
Spring integration is an implementation off the enterprise integration patterns,
which enables you to write your own spring based
applications that use the patterns it contains.
Many ready to use implementations off the concepts off enterprise integration
patterns in the form off interfaces and classes that are designed with the
main principles off the spring framework in mind,
it has interfaces and classes for messages,
different kinds of message channels,
many different kinds off endpoints and transformers and routers.
You can use these components using the standard spring framework
programming techniques such as dependency injection,
which helps you to maintain separation of concerns
between business logic and integration.
Logic.
If you are familiar with the spring framework,
you know that you can configure spring beans in the application context using
XML or with annotations in Java code spring integration,
AD DS XML name spaces and annotations specifically for
configuring spring integration components.
Besides these usual XML and innovations to configure your application context,
spring integration also provides a domain specific language to
configure components using these domain specific language.
You can configure spring integration components in a readable way In Java code.
The idea is that you configure messaging channels,
endpoints, transformers and routers in a declare a tive way,
coming back to the example of connecting to an FTP server that
I mentioned in the beginning of the course.
Instead of writing a lot of plumbing code that deals with the details,
you configure an FTP inbound channel adapter that downloads
files on a regular schedule and puts a message on a channel
whenever new file is downloaded.
Then you configure a service activator that calls your business logic.
When it receives a message on the channel,
you can find the reference and API documentation for
spring integration at spring load. IOS slash projects slash spring dash integration.